1. One Time Password
Description : An e-commerce site wishes to enhance its ordering process. They plan to implement a new scheme of OTP (One Time Password) generation for order confirmations. 
The OTP can be any number of digits. For OTP generation, the user will be asked to enter two random numbers. The first number entered should always be smaller than the second number. 
The OTP is calculated as the sum of the maximum and the minimum prime values in the range of the user-entered numbers.

Write an algorithm to find the OTP

Input : The input consists of two space-separated integers - firstNumber and secondNumber, representing the two numbers entered by the user. Both numbers are considered in the range.
Output : Print an integer representing the sum of the largest and smallest prime numbers in the range of given numbers.

Constraints
-109 < firstNumber < secondNumbers < 109

Example
Input:-97 50
Output: 50

Explanation :
The smallest and largest prime numbers within the given numbers are -97 and 47, respectively.
The sum of -97 and 47 is 50. So. the output is 50.

2. SecretMessage agency
Description : Secret Message agency provides message encoding and decoding services for secure data transfer. The first step in decoding includes removal of special characters 
and the whitespaces from the message, as special characters and whitespaces do not hold an meaning.

Write an algorithm to help the agency find the number of special characters and whitespaces in a given message.

Input : The input consists of a string message, representing the message that need to be decoded by the agency.
Output : Print an integer representing the number of special characters and whitespaces present in a given message.

Example
Input: gasgg54@#vscsd!s*
Output: 4

Explanation :
The special characters having no meaning are (@'#;!',*].

3. Garments company Apparel
Description : The garments company Apparel wishes to open outlets at various locations. The company shortlisted several plots
in these locations and wishes to select only plots that are sqaure-shaped.

Write an algorithm to help Apparel find the number of plots that it can select for its outlets.

Input : The first line of the input consists of an integer numOfPlots, representing the number of plots shortlisted by the company for outlets (N).
        The second line consists of N space-separated integers - areal, areal, ....., areaN representing the area of the N plots selected for outlets
Output : Print an integer representing the number of plots that will be selected for outlets.

Constraints
0 < num0fPlots < 106
0 < area < 106
< i<numafPlots

Example
Input: 79 77 54 81 48 34 25 16
Output: 3

Explanation :
The areas that are in sauare form are 81 25 and 16 So the outout is 3.

4. Bucketize Ids
Description : A company wishes to bucketize their item IDs for better search operations. 
The bucket for the item ID is chosen on the basis of the maximum value of the digit in the item ID. 

Write an algorithm to find the bucket to which the item ID will be assigned

Input : The input consists of an integer item1D, representing the identity number of the item.
Output : Print an integer representing the bucket to which the item ID will be assigned.

Example
Input: 32387634
Outout: 8

Explanation :
8 is the maximum digit value in the given item ID. So, the output is 8.

5. New Year Discount
Description : An e-commerce company plans to give their customers a discount for the New Years holiday. The discount will be calculated on the basis of the bill amount of the order placed. 
The discount amount is the sum of all the odd digits on the customer's total bill amount. If no odd digit is present in the bill amount, then the discount will be zero.

Write an algorithm to find a discount for the given total bill amount.

Input : The input consists of an integer bill amount, representing the customer's total bill amount.
Output : Print an integer representing the discount for the given total bill amount

Constraints
0 <billAmount < 109

Example
Input: 2514795
Output: 27

Explanation : 
Odd digits in the given number 2514795 are 5, 1, 7, 9, 5. The sum of these odd digits is 27. So, the output is 27.

6. Lucky Customer
Description : An e-commerce website wishes to find the lucky customer who will be eligible for full value cash back. For this purpose, a number N Is red to the system, it will return another number that is calculated by an algorithm. 
In the algorithm, a sequence is generated, in which each number Is the sum of the two proceeding numbers. Initiallv the sequence will have two 1's in it. The system
will return the Nth number from the generated sequence which is treated as the order iD. The luck customer will be the one who has placed that order.

Write an algorithm to helo the website find the lucky custome

Input : The input consists of an integer token, representing the number fed to the system (N).
Output : Print an integer representing the order ID of the lucky customer.

Example
Input: 8
Output: 21

Explanation : 
The sequence generated by the system will be 1 1 2 3 5 8 13 21 The 8th number in the sequence is 21.
The lucky customer is the one who has placed the order with order ID 21.